Hey am me, Destin and well that you came to Smarter Every Day.
I know that every time you think about the archer, in the mind you fall Nottingham (Notinghami)
and a person in particular, Robin Hood (Robin Hudi).
But today I will tell you about a man of my abode
Which may be even better than Robin Hood (Robin Hood).
You are becoming smarter every day.
(someone in the distance) - Hey!
Hey, he can be!
- (Brady Haran) Better than Robin Hood (Robin Hudi)?
(Destin) [in British dialect] He may be !! [laughing] Let's see it then.
You will agree with me Mrs. Wanda?
- I'll agree.
(Destin) For years, when I was in high school, I heard about this famous swan in my town
who could beat everything that was thrown in front of him.
And now I'm at his home, drinking the sweet tea.
- I shot that brunette in Newfoundland (Nufaundlend).
- This is Byron Ferguson (Bajron Ferguson)
He and his wife exited throughout the world making shootouts for performances at live events.
I asked myself if the things I heard were real and if I could make Slow-Mo video for his profession.
Byron, will you tell me what to do today?
- So, today we will do some shooting for the show,
starting with the wooden disc thrown into the air
and then let's see what is the smallest target we can hit.
- Alright.
- At first we will hit this wooden disc.
- Start with the wood disk by reducing the target with the throttle.
We have a Phantom Miro (Fantom Miro), that's why I'm here.
I control the high speed camera.
So, I'm going to fix it.
[Music]
[Blow] (destiny) Amazing,
but let's consider it difficult.
In geometry, there is a formula called the filling of the circle.
It is a way to determine how many circles of any size
we can put it inside a larger circle.
In the displayed wooden disc space, we can put in total 310 arrows.
The next target decreases the number of arrows we can input from 310 to just 55.
(Destin) How to persuade your father to throw things for him?
- I did not have a choice. He told me to do so, so I did.
- [laughs]
(Destin) Well, he shot it too.
Lower the number of arrows that we can insert 55 to 21.
According to geometry, this is twice as difficult.
How can he achieve this?
I understand how a modern archer can achieve with arch compound (compound)
because it has a complicated targeting system.
The Sagittarius looks at the needles at the front of the bow
using the target that is located on the thread that is on the back.
These needles are sorted with various ballistic variables
such as the tension of the bow and the weight of the arrow, etc.
Byron Ferguson does not shoot with a modern bow.
He shoots a long arch that he has designed himself,
and there is no sort of targeting system in it.
His brain is like a ballistic ballistic computer.
It's not just about precision, it's about timing.
When it predicts where it will be targeted,
he should then be accurate with a bow weighing 70lbs (31kg)
to target the target.
So he can hit a golf ball.
Try something 4 times harder, a pill.
[Klank]
[Swoosh]
That was amazing, we reached the last option,
a single aspirin pow.
Finally, a misunderstanding. Well, roughly.
According to the camera he was exactly the target.
It is recognized that the aspirin pills
from the axis of the arrow
which means he was in perfect precision.
but his timing was unclear for 8 milliseconds.
Understandably, again it's super amazing.
but Bzron is not happy
and asked me to let her try it for the second time.
Tasheethe were true.
It's a person from my home country in Alabama who can shoot anything that is thrown away.
to see what he says about how he does it.
- People always ask me how do you hit a aspirin pill ...
Because I'm firing at the center.
The aspirin center pillow is the same size as the beach ball center.
Always shoot to the center.
- The aspirin center pillow is the same size as the beach ball center.
- That's right.
- It's just a point, right?
- Very fine point.
- Impressive.
So this was one of the most humorous episodes of Smart Every Day.
And another manly activity .. [gunshot] .. is shaving.
This brings us to our sponsor for today.
The weapon is safe.
In Smarter Every Day.
The sponsor is Harrys.com.
I used Harrys before he was a sponsor here, so I'm not just saying this,
it is a product I used and used.
Go to Harrzs.com and use the "SMARTER" code and get a shaving box.
They send a razor,
send you refills,
and when the old razor no longer works
you can change it with a new one easily.
Works very well.
This is called Winston, this is called Truman.
Truman colors with many colors.
If you have the wishes to support Smarter Every Day,
go to Harrys.com, and use the "SMARTER" code.
In the end you fall very cheaply.
It is cheaper than those available in shops.
These are even better.
5 tees. I'm sorry.
There you have.
I believe you will enjoy it.
Go to Harrys.com, and use the "SMARTER" code.
If we deserved your subscription here at Smarter Every Day,
click atz to subscribe.
I'm Destin, you're getting smarter every day.
Have a nice day.
- Byron Ferguson?
- Yes!
- He's manny! Forget Robin Hood!
[Laughing]
Can you tell us a video about Byron Ferguson?
- I can. Come and do it. [Laughing]
And another manly activity is ..
[collision of arms]
to disobey what he is hunting.
- Does not hold the arrow in the thread
keeps it so.
- Yeah.
- And then, down the linens.
- [Laughing] That's strange.
So there are two types of bristles.
What I used to call it is [gunshot]. Winston.
But there's another one called Truman.
[gunshot]
[Laughing]
Are you taught here in the sleeve?
- Ca, yes.
- Flint sleeve?
- Flint sleeve, shooting the garfish (fish type).
- There's a lot to learn about Flint's sleeve, right?
[Laughing]